#lore #starless
To you who is listening, Precious time shortens every moment. I will explain everything that I can. What I can't lies in the Reliquary. Two thousand years ago, when the galactic Electorate's coalition fleet assaulted the Solar System, the Paradise fleet took a final stand. They, as the de facto ruling body of a humanity still scarred by previous conflicts, faced a one-sided extermination, and resorted to desperate measures. 

The fleet exhumed the remains of the crucifixes entombed in ruined Ploch, used them to construct biological weapons capable of sabotaging Principate vessels, and in doing so drew the attention of Her. The Crimson Pastel. The one who calls the vengeful revenants of ruined planets to herald her arrival. The two fleets fought to a bloody stalemate. Planets burned. Countless lives perished or worse. Then Her harbingers arrived. In that thicket of certain death, I made a choice with what I had: to seal away the Solar System and contain the threat. But in that moment another made their choice too, and invited into our world the Azure Pastel, maker of your history and the one who sustains your side and mine.

Our worlds, two realities painted in divergent Colors, exist in superposition, one that still holds hope for us both to live on. Yet that hope is anathema to the maker of the azure bestowal flame. The Grandfather Paradox. The flame of his arrows burns paradoxically, relying on no fuel and irreversibly disassembling all that it targets until it nothing remains. Even now, the barriers erected around Mars buckle under the weight of a single arrow from his sling, the archer who seek to reduce you and I to nothing in an act of love, and it is love that compels him.

It took everything I could bring to bear to corner him, and in the end he could not be beaten, only trapped temporarily in the event horizon of a collapsed planet. Every moment, the horizon thins and the time dilation that keeps him trapped in a single moment weakens. When he escapes, he will perform his self-proclaimed duty and deny her the hope that he has deemed delusional. To allow his plan to succeed is to condemn our world to obliteration. To stop him is to allow the call of the crucifixes to bring annihilation to yours. 

You and I, all living souls under the sun, live in the shadow of the Pastel's conflicts. Each and every one has left their mark on our history, blotted out our dreams with the fallout of their hope, drowned our sorrows with the depths of their despair. But it does not have to be this way. The moonchild's gift is to give form to the formless, voice to the voiceless, and it is what saved us. It freed us from the bestowal flame, returned those lost to the fire, and gave us to strength to make even this forsaken world a place to call home. If there is a way for us all to survive, that gift will surely help you find it.

Even so, I fear that we may not have the strength to forge ahead with you. The reconstruction efforts of Mars have all but stopped, and no spacefaring vessels have left the planets in more than a thousand years now. I fear that the ones who came after us have grown content within this confined world, or that something has gone terribly wrong. All I can do is pray that there is still time to find a way. 

The contents of the Reliquary are yours to use. The constructs will help clarify any technical details. I have tracked as much of the world using this tower's instruments. I can only hope what I've done will be enough.

In living, we leave indelible marks upon this reality of ours, see the future take shape, and depart. I close my eyes, and see the world that will go on without me, the world without end. This is my mark. It cannot be erased. I was here. I was real.

I wonder, What shape will that future take?