#progression 
As long as the practitioner may partition and control [[Instance|instances]], they may learn and acquire the following techniques:
## Living Force

#### **Embedded Force**

> Enmesh living force within a [[Barrier Technique|barrier]], allowing for free movement on the embedded surface of the barrier and attacks emerging alone or from the barrier's surface. Actions emerging from the embedded surface do not suffer from distance penalties associated with extended reach and occur as if no distance exists between the source and the destination of the action.

Practitioners utilizing embedded force effectively use the surface of the barrier as an instantaneous portal from which their attacks can emerge. However, this is not an actual portal that can be observed; the barrier merely serves as a conduit for the living force. Thus, attacks that emerge from a different position in the barrier are very difficult to spot. Generally, being able to react to embedded force's change in position requires a challenge to INS.

It is possible to utilize Embedded forces on any barrier, including barriers that do not belong to the practitioner. With sufficient priority or with a higher affinity, it is also possible to eject a practitioner attempting this trick from performing embedded force.

#### **Injective Force**

> Imbue living Force into the [[Domain (Ontokinetics)|domain]], generating an instances with a barrier or targeting an existing instance with a barrier that captures the imbued technique and produces it without reduced range or effectiveness at the source. If the barrier or instance are disrupted, the technique fails.

Injective force can be identified by the short-lived gradient that forms the instance within the practitioner's domain moments before the technique fires. , it is possible to react to the instance's formation and target the barrier or the instance itself to neutralize the technique. Despite this weakness, the sheer level of control injective force affords in allowing attacks to emerge from any angle and to cover long distances without the downsides associated with travel time or falloff may make the technique worth the risk.

At lower levels of AGI from the practitioner, it is also noticeable to others when the living force of an action is extracted from the practitioner and suffused into the domain, registering as an abrupt stop and attenuation of any visual effects around the practitioner and/or their weapon.

#### **Surjective Force**

> Enmesh living force into a barrier while creating an instance or targeting an existing instance, imbuing the gradient centering on the instance with the effect of the living force enmeshed within the barrier. The instance gains the defense of the barrier and also its effectiveness. If the barrier fails completely, the technique fails.

Surjective force differs from injective force in that the former is a barrier technique and the latter is a [[Domain Technique|domain technique]]. This difference leads to surjective force having a significantly more apparent tell than injective force; not only does the gradient suggest an imminent activation, but the barrier itself can be detected as changing at the same tier or more of PRC or INS. However, unlike injective force, which can be disrupted by targeting the instance, the imbuement is instant as soon as the barrier is affected while the target instance exists. The only way to disrupt this technique directly is to target the barrier and cause its boundary conditions to cease functioning at least for a moment.

This technique has similar giveaways at lower levels of AGI compared to injective force.


#### **Circulating Force**

> Exort while executing living force in a circular rotation in the plane of the line of action, producing a vortex within the gradient that reduces the local effectiveness of all domain and gradient techniques by 1x highest affinity tier. 

Rotations generated by circulating force appear as visible swirls surrounding the action, and gradients and domain techniques scattered by the technique can be seen being caught in the vortex.  As the technique does not make use of a barrier, it is difficult to disrupt. Techniques weakened by circulating force will only return to their normal strength once the practitioner actively re-establishes or strengthens the weakened technique in the region where circulating force was used. 

Of course, this includes the practitioner utilizing circular force as well.
